---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Building my first browser extension
Along with Candace and Tina, we decided to make a Mozilla browser extension that generates a gif on new tabs and windows. Not only do we hope the gif be entertaining but we also hope to correlate it with the time, temperature, or day of the week. I was able to play around with our extension by looking at examples of our similar browser extensions on GitHub. That's when I learned of a parameter used in the `manifest.json` that can link your homepage to a provided `html` file. I tested the browser extension on my local and successfully displayed some simple headers on the browser windows. The next steps for this weekend will be to write some scripts to generate a gif from an API (most likely GIPHY) and format the page with some CSS ✨.

## Lessons from GitHub
While I had already used GitHub extensively before taking this class, it was still fun to review the different aspects of Git. It's a powerful tool; maybe too powerful for some developers. However, I find myself using Git to its extent outside of tech. I launch blogs using GitHub Pages, take notes for my classes, and even have used it to keep track of LaTeX files for research. Having used it for almost four years, I didn't grasp how much I have learned about Git and GitHub. Helping classmates set up Git, resolve merge conflicts, or even answering questions about general GitHub questions made me realize the learning curve of VCS. Though I'm able to use it almost on a daily basis, I still have a lot to learn about Git (e.g. cherry-picking, managing different trees, utilizing patches, etc.) I ❤️ Git!

