---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Readings

### Cathedral and Bazaar
It seems the difference between the cathedral and the bazaar model is whether having a single leadership point or a leaderless group. Based on the essay, it seems that the bazaar model can be confusing with the differing agendas and approaches people may have in the same community. While the cathedral model can be used to keep structure and an organized path of bureaucracy, the bazaar model (or OSS) seems to work in miracles.

I find the cathedral model to be more suited for my style of work. I believe it's important to have representatives who serves as the "conductor" of the community and someone I can trust. I do believe collaboration is the most important part of working in a developing environment so I could also fit into the bazaar model. But as a new developer, I'm focused on a structured path.

I picked these two lessons:
6. Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging.
10. If you treat your beta-testers as if they're your most valuable resource, they will respond by becoming your most valuable resource.

I resonate with these two lessions especially since I spend a large amount of my time developing for users who rely on my code. In the end, I'm writing code not only for other developers to read but for a group of users. Getting feedback from these two groups in a systematic way makes it easier to prioritize new features or bug fixes. In ways, open source makes it easy to do these things since users and developer can report an issue and have someone link a PR to it. 

### Producing Open Source Software
In the chapter about free and open software, the use of the term seem to had a large impact on businesses' outlook on these software. Free was supposed to imply the zero-cost in executing the software; not necessarily free source code. Open software means the transparency of making decisions and becoming inclusive to who can make contributions. While both terms suggest the distribution of software, *open* sheds light on the internal politics of the community resolves the confusing use case of *free software* and welcomes new members to their communities.

## Gatsby Progress
This week, we submitted our first PR, which we soon got feedback on. I got to spend some time looking the feedback so by Monday, we can submit some changes to our PR. I've also started looking at a new issue that digs deeper into the Gatsby pipeline. I found this issue interesting because the problem seems like a simple regex fix, but finding where it is being executed is the hardest part. I've never worked with a site generator or any kind of compiler so this shall be interesting. But I have a good feeling about this!
