---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---
   
## Kevin Flemming's Guest Presentaiton
Kevin's presentation was very different than I thought it would be. He did a good job presenting the overview of Bloomberg's
product and OSS mission. It helped clarify any assumptions students might've had about Bloomberg, and he was constantly asking 
if we knew about the software he was talking about and would proceed to explain it to us. I didn't realize how many different OSS 
were partly maintained by Bloomberg. Although it makes sense to maintain the big Java projects, it was cool to see Bloomberg working 
on projects like Jupyter, Kubernetes, and other more modern software. I'm curious how Bloomberg's OSS contributions might compare 
to other big tech companies. I've seen smaller companies maintain many of the latest technologies like Babel, Spark, etc. It would 
interesting to learn how their similar or different their business models are in order to support this past of the tech community.

## Team Progress
I spent a couple hours looking over the documentation and scope of where the regex might be used inside the code. It seems that 
queries made to GraphQL uses dashes to format names of pages in their `page.json` and `data.json`. In this instance, the reason why 
pages with similar document names are not being compiled correct could be that the same names are being used in these jsons, or 
they are rewriting over each other. What I was unable to figure out was where this overwriting is ocurring and how these formatted names 
are being created, which I thought could easily be found but will take deeper digging. I hope to have my teammates help me finally 
figure out a fi to this issue and submit it this week.
