---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Open Source Software (OSS) has progressively become more popular among software developers around the world. Personally, it spawns from the need of transparency in the developer community. Compare to enclosed-software, community members are able to trace the threads of discussions and the history of the source code out in the public. Additionally, issues can be directly reported to an OSS repo, and can be resolved by public developers, which has naturally become an alternative to Stack Overflow. There are many ways which OSS has impacted the way we develop software today, and as a student, I decided to take this class to learn about how it may impact software quality and maintenance in the future.

The OSS I ❤️:

__React__

The online community is huge, which means their documentation is abundant. Despite Facebook maintaining most of the framework, the amount of users throughout its GitHub repo and across Stack Overflow has made it easier to work with React. On top of that, many Meetup groups and conferences specify in React, which contributes to the potential of OSS among industry companies.

__Hugo__

Hugo is one of my favorite tools outside of legacy software and development tools. Hugo generates static websites in markdown format. This makes it easier for non-technical editors to make blog posts or edit their website. The community around Hugo is also very attentive and friendly. Their guides are easy for beginners to follow, which is a lot of say for an open source tool.

__VSCode__

VSCode has been my favorite code editor in the past recent years. Along with the many extensions you can add to customize your editor, VSCode makes it easy to push changes to VSC and deal with merge conflicts. My go-to editor extensions includes GitLens, which allows you to hover over a line of code to see the `get blame` status.

__Homebrew__

Even though homebrew is something I don't use on a daily-basis, I always enjoy their user experience, especially as CLI tool. Most notably, their use to emojis and responses are always a nice addition to their tool.
