---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Cathedral and the Bazaar Quotes
> "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."

Design is perfect when it is at its simplistic state. That means having nothing to depend on or have nothing unecessary.
An everyday design I believe meets this perfection would be a no. 2 pencil. It does not need anothing taken away from it to be better.
It can be used in any condition, and it does not necessarily need more features to be better. I believe this quote also exmphasizes
 on the how a design does not need more additions to become perfect. Sometimes we think adding a feature, like colors, interactive buttons,
 or descriptive words can increase the utility of an object, but in most cases, reaching a state where nothing more can be taken away from an object
 shows the maximum definition of it.
 
 > "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."
 
 When I hear of innovative, I think of something that hasn't been invented or discovered yet. To get to that stage,
  I think it begins to understanding a problem with the current solution. This quote emphasizes on realizing the problem
  of a current solution. From there, a new approach can be created. This often involves redefining the problem or finding ways
  to improve the existing approach. An example could be the use of UI Design programs like Sketch, which initially was thought to
  be an innovative way to mock wireframes. However, Figma took the same problem and realized the dead-end it has to collaborating with
  other designers and engineers. That's how it was able to strike up an innovative solution, which was real-time editing.
  
### Lesson I like:
  
  > 14. Any tool should be useful in the expected way, but a truly great tool lends itself to uses you never expected.
  
  This resonated with me because it seems to come up in discussions about design or products. We create tools to usually serve
   one purpose. This could be a hammer pushing a nail into a board or using a phone to call another phone. But a great tool should
   allow others to apply it to their other problems. Youtube is a great tool that really only set out to help people share their
   home videos. Years later, it has become one of the best ways to share information throughout the world. From getting education, 
   to seeing other users build their own products and content, Youtube has become a tool that lends itself outside of what the creators
   had initially thought could be used.
   
## Team Progress
   I was unable to make as much progress this week on my Gatsby PR. I was able to discover some great docs about its API, which
    was part of the block on the PR. Now that I'm able to have a bigger picture of how Gatsby creates its pages, I am able to figure
    out where I should be looking in its API. Check out the [docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/creating-and-modifying-pages/).
    
