---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Team Project

## Wikipedia
<<<<<<< HEAD

_What kind of people contribute to Wikipedia?_

It seems anyone with access to the internet can contribute to Wikipedia. I've seen events where people gather for an edit-a-thon (e.g. edit-a-thon for women in history). Unlike being a developer, you don't need a full set of coding skills to figure out how to contribute. As long as someone as a reference for the change, they can become a contributor.

_Do you think you might one day become a regular contributor?_

I had a sting where I wanted to change some information on Ashley Tisdale's (yes from Hgih School Musical)page. This must've in the 2007 so the change was immediately publish but also caught after a couple hours. My account was then banned :) but I might return as a contributor if I find the dying need to change some information on the platform.

_How will you select articles to contribute to as part of this class?_
I will probably choose articles that I know the best. Maybe my High School or the NYU page where I can link more up to date references.

_Comments on TED Talk_

The concept of Wikipedia has come a long way. As far as I remember, my classes do not allow the usage of Wikipedia as a reference. However, I think educators have caught on the understand its mission and has proven to bring accessibility to the world. While there have been some mishaps on the page, it has become more popular around the world with users and with potential contributors. At some point, I've checked articles seconds after an Academy Award is given out, and the article was already updated. The TED Talk is also a little dated so I hope to see a follow up with the future of Wikipedia soon.

=======
>>>>>>> 5fcae95fa3abf71fe5eba247b73468ace98e5cef
